-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to understand
on a high level about what is code commit service in AWS
and then we are going to create a code commit repository
for our EKS Devops use case.
And then we'll push the content related
to it inside of our local GitHub repository and again
push it back to our remote GitHub repository.
So let's go back and understand what
what is this code commit repository, right?
So it is nothing
but a version control service hosted by AWS.
So we can privately store and manage documents
source code and then binary files.
It is secure and then highly scalable.
So it supports standard functionality of Git.
So code commit supports Git versions 1.7 0.9 and then later
So it uses a static user name
and password in addition to standard.
So code commit is integrated
with different AWS services,
which makes its solid presence in AWS.
So it is integrated
with CodeStar, code bill, code pipeline,
and then cloud nine.
So these are related to DOPA tools in addition to that.
So it is also integrated with aws, Amplify cloud formation
CloudWatch cloud trial, elastic bean stack
key management service and then simple notification service.
So as its integration is this tight with other AWS services
its presence is very strong in AWS.
And then if we use it we'll we are going to e lot
and lot benefits from that whenever we use it
for our GitHub repo in our AWS means like whenever we use it
as a Git service for our code inside AWS.
So in addition to that, so what are our steps?
We are going to perform
so we are going to create a code commit repository
and then clone that to our local Git report
and then push some code which is nothing
but our cube manifests, our docker files
or whatever is required for this Devops demo.
So all those things we are going to push that data
to this local Git report and then commit that data
and then push the same to our code commit repository.
So let's go ahead and then do that now.
So we'll go to our GitHub repository, right?
So we are going to create a code commit repository
with name eks DevOps engine X.
So let's go for our service code commit, right?
So it went to code Guru somehow.
Let me search for code commit, okay?
And we have other templates here, that's fine.
So other repositories.
So we are going to create a repository name EKS Devops NICs.
So EKS Devops demo, right?
So now I'm not going to enable any Amazon code
guru which is related to Java.
I see the simple engine X send and docker files inside that.
So I'll leave as is and then I'll click on create.
So now my Devops engine X repository is created.
The next step is to go ahead
and then generate the get credentials for this.
Okay? So we can go to our IM service open in new tab
and we can go to users and I have one IM user named Kalia
and I'll go to this security credentials
and we'll find something called https get credentials
for AWS code commit, right?
So we are going to generate these credentials
and once we'll come back to code commit here
and copy our URL and then clone it to our local.
So this get clone URL we are going to clone.
So I'll go back to my terminal.
So I have created a folder EKS Devops demo.
So inside that I'm going to clone my repository, right?
So let me click on that and it is failing.
So because the get credentials
so I want to show you particularly this one because
so the get credentials, whatever we generated
and it is not matching with the older things, okay?
If it is in MacBook.
So what you need to do is you need to call
to key chain access, right?
So inside this key chain access
and then you'll find something related to
get code commit US east one region, right?
So it, it caches my old data here, right?
Old get credentials so I'm removing them, right?
So now good.
So now one more time do the get code
it should pop up further username, right?
So it's popping up.
So now I'll copy the username paste and then password.
I copy the password and paste it, right?
So now it has cloned the empty repository.
If I see EKS Devops engineers repositories is here
and we can go inside that.
And if you say get status
nothing is added here, no commits it.
Okay? So I'll say clear
and I will go back to my visual studio code.
So before going to visual studio code we will go
to our GitHub repo and then discuss
about these files before adding them to our repo, right?
So we have build spec dot aml which we will discuss
in our next steps in detail
and you know standard docker file.
So and then this docker file is going to have
something called, we are going to copy this index dot html
from app font folder to engineers container.
That is what we have written in this docker file.
We are going to see that now
and we'll have some cube manifest folder which
will have the engineers deployment engineers
note port service
and then nix alb ingress service.
So let's go ahead and then give you a very high level look
about them before copying them.
Okay? So I'll go back to my visual studio core
in 11 Devops with AWS developer tools.
I'll have a folder called application manifest.
So inside that
so here as part of this anyway, we are going to
discuss the same thing we are discussing now, okay?
So which will have a app one folder which will have the
in html.
So whenever we are testing multiple versions
we are going to change this V one V2 V3
and we have the docker file.
So we'll download the base enic image
and copy the app one folder whatever is present here
to the HTML app, one folder inside the engineers
container so that whenever we access our url DevOps dot q1
cloud dot com slash app one slash index dot html the page
will be saluted from this folder, right?
So now you have the standard deployment note port service
and then ingress service.
In addition to that the build speck dol
so bill spec dot amel we are going to discuss
in detail in a separate lecture.
So for now these are our standard deployments
which we have done earlier.
Also deployment manifest note port, service manifest
and then ingress service manifest.
Okay, so now let's move on
to our code commit and then copy these details, right?
So how I am going to copy it is you can copy these files
from your thing and then paste in your respective directly.
So as I'm using visual studio code
I'll try to do it this way.
Okay, so add folder to workspace
and then I'll try to add my folder EKS Devops demo here.
Okay, so this folder is added here.
So I'll copy the app one cube manifest
build spec and then docker file.
So all these things I'll copy and then paste it here, right?
And I'll minimize this and I can see
that I have the app one folder with index dot html
I have it's equivalent docker file
and the cube manifests folder copied
and then build spec dot html copied.
So I'll go back here and then I will say get status, right?
So looks good.
So all these things are added in my Git report here, okay?
Which is nothing but EKS Devops engine Genix, right?
So I'll say get add which is added them
and then get come hyphen am
I'll say added first set up files, right?
Right. And then we have ED to local.
So if I say get status
nothing is there in my local branch, okay?
So I'm going to say get push.
So this should push to our remote repository
which is code commit repository.
So it push it successfully.
So let's go here and then click on code
and it should open our EKS Devops engine next year, right?
So you can see you have the app one folder
which will have the index dot HTML inside that, right?
In the same way you have all the manifests cube manifest
build spec, do aml, and then docker file
if you want you can go inside
and then see the cube manifests also, right?
So everything looks good.
So you can see the commits also for this repository.
So just know whatever one added fast set of files.
So commit also completed successfully.
So how many branches we have, you can click
on here and then see we have only default branch
which is master branch.
So you can have additional settings here related
to whatever you want to configure here.
So like if you want to configure notifications
for every check in and then whatever happens.
Okay? So you can do that here.
So additional triggers you can configure
and all those things.
Okay? So, but for now our focus is
on moving on with our Devops use case implementation
and not exploring about this code commit in detail.
So we'll move on with our next steps.
Okay, So let's go back here
and then we have committed everything
and then we have also discussed
about these files, honey, very high level.
So in our next lecture we'll focus
on discussing about STS role.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.